just a quick video to show you my
apartment as well as my cat
there's Winston he's busy running off
I'm here Winston come on that's Winston
and he's pretty friendly still getting a
bit used to the place you see he's got a
chopped off tail no I did not do that he
came that way he's not too cooperative
but he's got a little nip out of his ear
he likes to follow me around so he's
pretty friendly here's the initial area
this is the dining room living room area
kind of a combo similar to where we
lived back in the States
reasonably high ceilings unfortunate
cameras and go quite as wide as I like
big outs are a little bit limited here
you also know I keep shades drawn I
don't anybody seeing me and well for
security reason I don't really want to
go into where I live just yet main room
here got a couch loveseat single chair I
don't spend a huge amount of time here
don't really have the time to be honest
turning around we've got a little shelf
there I didn't put that there either
I'll knit here's our kitchen another
bunch of trash draw out fridge rater
pretty formal it is this stove doesn't
get used very often it's a power bi
bottle gas you can guess while he's in
very often back here is washer and dryer
that's tied in Arabic let's see you know
a little bit of average right hey watch
the dryer unit not bad not perfectly
installed every once a while a nice
blood on the floor and the legs burned
out like usual beach designer cabinets
for the dishes I don't have cleaning
lady does the dishes for me so I never
ever full sink coming back into the main
part of the house well you've got a
bedroom which is essentially Wilson's
got all kinds of pet supplies cats are
expensive I've got a scratching pad here
another scratching pad for my shoe
collection a little bell DeMarcos action
there pet food and my secondary litter
pen naturally Wilson does not scratch at
all so that's why I have not one but
three scratching pads also got
additional source of both wet and dry
food and as well as a another reservoir
for the cat case I'm out for a while
this is a secondary bathroom don't ever
use it this is another one of the rooms
where that light doesn't work
other litter pan for the cats it's
pretty much catch ozone better man
litter pan not bad here's my office area
this is the one room it's a bit of a
mess you tell us one room cleaning lady
doesn't go into all right store my
models and stuff in here and plus a
Betty nice set up two monitors here
although I just used this monitor be
honest and I do all my modeling and
stuff like that this is originally a
secondary secondary bedroom and then we
come into the primary bedroom probably
should have made my bed before doing
this video but anyway small but not bad
table keep medicines that sort of thing
and towels and it's a beautiful view I
just don't really want to go into it
because you know I don't know who else
is looking at this video so then that's
pretty much department and here's the
bathroom
not perfectly done but not bad decent
size and there's Wilson Wilson likes
hiding under the bed and hiding behind
items so although he's extremely
friendly he gave me a heck of a scare
today there you go good boy
weird tail